[Music]
hi everyone today I'm going to show you
how to make cabochon associate with
Somen noodles after watching cooking
with dogs harder than a bear I was
inspired to use cabbage I'm like it's a
soup and it came out amazingly delicious
if you follow like this with please you
know that I posted a picture of it so I
really hope you enjoyed my tutorial and
I hope you can trade up she are the
ingredients
[Music]
wash and play stamp cabochon a
microwaveable dish cover with plastic
wrap microwave for about three minutes
to make it easier to cut cut the
cabochon into bite-sized pieces
remove top base of shimeji mushrooms and
break into bite-sized chunks slice the
onion
[Music]
put the water in a large pot 1tsp dashi
powder then add onion slices shimeji
mushrooms and kabocha now bring to a
boil
then remove the form
turn the heat down to low and cover
[Music]
click for about seven minutes until
cooked through meanwhile boil water in a
different pot cook one bundle of dried
Somen noodles al dente according to a
package
drain and rinse the noodles under
running water now open the lid dilute
Messalina ladle and dissolve into the
soup
[Music]
at the summit noodles and cook until hot
serve in a soup bowl a mug
and now it's done
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
my Cheetara
thank you have watched it - my boys it
you